---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "serval_app_resource_entitlement Data Source - serval"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# serval_app_resource_entitlement (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "serval_app_resource_entitlement" "example_app_resource_entitlement" {
  id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the entitlement.

### Read-Only

- `access_policy_id` (String) The default access policy for the entitlement.
- `description` (String) A description of the entitlement.
- `name` (String) The name of the entitlement.
- `provisioning_method` (Attributes) Provisioning configuration. **Exactly one method should be set.** (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_method))
- `requests_enabled` (Boolean) Whether requests are enabled for the entitlement.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource that the entitlement belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_method`

Read-Only:

- `builtin_workflow` (String) **Option: builtin_workflow**
- `custom_workflow` (Attributes) **Option: custom_workflow** (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_method--custom_workflow))
- `linked_entitlements` (Attributes) **Option: linked_entitlements** (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_method--linked_entitlements))
- `manual` (Attributes) **Option: manual** (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_method--manual))

<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_method--custom_workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_method.custom_workflow`

Read-Only:

- `deprovision_workflow_id` (String) The workflow ID to deprovision access.
- `provision_workflow_id` (String) The workflow ID to provision access.


<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_method--linked_entitlements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_method.linked_entitlements`

Read-Only:

- `linked_entitlement_ids` (List of String) The IDs of prerequisite entitlements.


<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_method--manual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_method.manual`

Read-Only:

- `assignees` (Attributes List) Users and groups that should be assigned/notified for manual provisioning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_method--manual--assignees))

<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_method--manual--assignees"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_method.manual.assignees`

Read-Only:

- `assignee_id` (String) The ID of the user or group.
- `assignee_type` (String) The type of assignee.
Available values: "MANUAL_PROVISIONING_ASSIGNEE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED", "MANUAL_PROVISIONING_ASSIGNEE_TYPE_USER", "MANUAL_PROVISIONING_ASSIGNEE_TYPE_GROUP".
