---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "serval_workflow_runs Data Source - serval"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# serval_workflow_runs (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "serval_workflow_runs" "example_workflow_runs" {
  team_id = "teamId"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team. Required.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `completed_at` (String) The timestamp when the workflow run completed (if applicable).
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the workflow run was created.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of the workflow run.
- `initiated_by_user_id` (String) The ID of the user who initiated the workflow run.
- `inputs` (String) The inputs provided to the workflow (JSON string).
- `linked_ticket_id` (String) The ID of the linked ticket, if any.
- `output` (String) The output of the workflow run (JSON string, available when completed or failed).
- `status` (String) The status of the workflow run.
Available values: "WORKFLOW_RUN_STATUS_UNSPECIFIED", "WORKFLOW_RUN_STATUS_PENDING", "WORKFLOW_RUN_STATUS_RUNNING", "WORKFLOW_RUN_STATUS_COMPLETED", "WORKFLOW_RUN_STATUS_FAILED", "WORKFLOW_RUN_STATUS_DENIED", "WORKFLOW_RUN_STATUS_CANCELED".
- `target_user_id` (String) The ID of the target user for the workflow run (if different from initiator).
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team that the workflow belongs to.
- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the workflow that was run.
