---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "serval_workflow_approval_procedure Resource - serval"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# serval_workflow_approval_procedure (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "serval_workflow_approval_procedure" "example_workflow_approval_procedure" {
  workflow_id = "workflow_id"
  steps = [{
    allow_self_approval = true
    approvers = [{
      app_owner = {

      }
      notify = true
    }]
    custom_workflow = {
      workflow_id = "workflowId"
    }
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the workflow to create the approval procedure for.

### Optional

- `steps` (Attributes List) The approval steps for the procedure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the workflow approval procedure.

<a id="nestedatt--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps`

Optional:

- `allow_self_approval` (Boolean) Whether the step can be approved by the requester themselves.
 optional so server can distinguish "not set" from "explicitly false"
 (DB defaults to TRUE; proto3 defaults bool to false)
- `approvers` (Attributes List) Exactly one of approvers or custom_workflow must be set.
 Mutual exclusivity validated server-side. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--approvers))
- `custom_workflow` (Attributes) Configuration for a custom workflow that determines approvers or auto-approves. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--custom_workflow))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the approval step.

<a id="nestedatt--steps--approvers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.approvers`

Optional:

- `app_owner` (String) App owners as approvers. Only valid for access policy approval procedures.
- `group` (Attributes) A Serval group as approvers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--approvers--group))
- `manager` (String) The requester's manager as an approver.
- `notify` (Boolean) Whether to notify this approver when the step is pending.
- `user` (Attributes) A specific user as an approver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--approvers--user))

<a id="nestedatt--steps--approvers--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.approvers.group`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String) The ID of the Serval group.


<a id="nestedatt--steps--approvers--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.approvers.user`

Optional:

- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user.



<a id="nestedatt--steps--custom_workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.custom_workflow`

Optional:

- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the workflow to execute.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import serval_workflow_approval_procedure.example '<workflow_id>/<id>'
```
